[Music]
shit I'm has a pterodactyl in this
motherfucker
bring Ruth down new go oh shit what the
fuck is this bitch is just a little sore
specs leave my big skids so when I
finish that movie
[Music]
this bitch got scuba ass to the spices
shit I fucked the scales up this pussy
[Music]
who's got the motherfuckin King Kong
cake Paige
man up stripping like a motherfucker
oh yeah tennis practice rocks down fuck
that's not with you I got that King Kong
dick bitch anyway Beach to the mashed
potatoes shit I don't need your
criticism in my life I fuck bitches
twice fuck you punk ass motherfucker
your sister's eight years old and
dinosaur years pedophile shit that's
mother fucker Michael Jax
she not as big as my dick takes a big
dick King Kong dig bitch do you have a
small dick
Thunder Queen Kevin dick fief Tombaugh
were given a turtle blowjobs
[Music]
these fucking such a crazy man hell no
is wrong with me Carson Daly if you're
watching this time is
[Music]
Rico's male actor comfort and
the light chill captain is back
[Music]